README.md, before:

# Thought Cache 💡

A modern, multilingual note-taking application built with the latest web technologies. Capture your brilliant ideas anytime, anywhere with support for Arabic and English languages, dark/light themes, and beautiful UI with comprehensive loading states.

## ✨ Features

- 🌍 **Multilingual Support**: Full Arabic and English localization with RTL support
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Beautiful, responsive design with Nuxt UI components
- 🌙 **Dark/Light Mode**: System-aware theme switching
- 🔐 **Authentication**: Secure auth with Clerk and loading skeletons
- 📱 **Responsive**: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile
- 🏷️ **Categories & Tags**: Organize your thoughts efficiently
- 🔍 **Search**: Find your ideas quickly with autocomplete
- ⭐ **Favorites**: Mark important thoughts
- 📦 **Archive**: Keep your workspace clean
- 🎨 **Color Coding**: Visual organization with custom colors
- ⚡ **Loading States**: Comprehensive USkeleton components for better UX
- 🎯 **Accessibility**: Proper autocomplete attributes and ARIA labels
- 🔤 **Custom Fonts**: Language-specific typography (Arabic: Playpen Sans, English: DynaPuff)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Nuxt.js 3](https://nuxt.com/) with TypeScript
- **UI Library**: [Nuxt UI](https://ui.nuxt.com/) with Tailwind CSS
- **Database**: [Prisma](https://prisma.io/) with PostgreSQL
- **Authentication**: [Clerk](https://clerk.com/)
- **Validation**: [Zod](https://zod.dev/)
- **Internationalization**: [@nuxtjs/i18n](https://i18n.nuxtjs.org/)
- **Code Quality**: ESLint + Husky + lint-staged
- **Icons**: [Nuxt Icon](https://github.com/nuxt-modules/icon) with Lucide icons
- **Fonts**: [Nuxt Fonts](https://github.com/nuxt/fonts) with Google Fonts
- **Deployment**: Ready for Supabase/Vercel

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn
- PostgreSQL database (or Supabase)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd thought-cache
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Setup**

   ```bash
   cp env.template .env
   ```

   Fill in your environment variables:

   ```env
   # Clerk Authentication
   NUXT_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_test_your_clerk_publishable_key_here
   NUXT_CLERK_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_your_clerk_secret_key_here

   # Supabase (optional)
   NUXT_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project.supabase.co
   NUXT_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key_here

   # Database
   DATABASE_URL="postgresql://username:password@localhost:5432/thought_cache?schema=public"
   DIRECT_URL="postgresql://username:password@localhost:5432/thought_cache?schema=public"
   ```

4. **Database Setup**

   ```bash
   # Generate Prisma client
   npm run db:generate

   # Push schema to database
   npm run db:push

   # Or run migrations (for production)
   npm run db:migrate
   ```

5. **Start Development Server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
thought-cache/
├── 📁 .husky/                    # Git hooks configuration
├── 📁 .nuxt/                    # Auto-generated Nuxt files (gitignored)
├── 📁 .output/                  # Build output (gitignored)
├── 📁 assets/
│   └── css/
│       └── main.css             # Global styles with Nuxt UI theme
├── 📁 components/
│   ├── AppHeader.vue            # Global header with search and breadcrumbs
│   ├── AppSidebar.vue           # Navigation sidebar with user profile
│   ├── AppHeaderSkeleton.vue    # Loading state for header
│   ├── AppSidebarSkeleton.vue   # Loading state for sidebar
│   ├── AuthFormSkeleton.vue     # Loading state for Clerk auth forms
│   ├── CategoryForm.vue         # Form for creating/editing categories
│   ├── ClerkWrapper.vue         # Wrapper with loading states for Clerk
│   ├── FormSkeleton.vue         # Reusable form loading skeleton
│   ├── PageSkeleton.vue         # Full page loading skeleton
│   ├── QuickActionCardSkeleton.vue # Action card loading state
│   ├── StatCardSkeleton.vue     # Statistics card loading state
│   ├── TableSkeleton.vue        # Table/list loading skeleton
│   ├── ThoughtCard.vue          # Individual thought display card
│   ├── ThoughtCardSkeleton.vue  # Thought card loading state
│   ├── ThoughtForm.vue          # Form for creating/editing thoughts
│   └── UserProfileSkeleton.vue  # User profile loading state
├── 📁 composables/
│   ├── useLocaleFonts.ts        # Font switching based on locale
│   └── useClerkLoading.ts       # Clerk loading state management
├── 📁 generated/                # Auto-generated files
├── 📁 i18n/                     # Internationalization setup
├── 📁 layouts/
│   └── default.vue              # Main application layout
├── 📁 locales/
│   ├── ar.json                  # Arabic translations
│   └── en.json                  # English translations
├── 📁 middleware/
│   ├── auth.ts                  # Authentication middleware
│   └── guest.ts                 # Guest-only middleware
├── 📁 pages/
│   ├── categories/
│   │   ├── index.vue            # Categories list with skeletons
│   │   └── new.vue              # Create new category
│   ├── thoughts/
│   │   ├── index.vue            # Thoughts list with masonry and skeletons
│   │   └── new.vue              # Create new thought
│   ├── index.vue                # Dashboard with staggered loading
│   ├── settings.vue             # User settings with multiple forms
│   ├── sign-in.vue              # Clerk sign-in with skeleton
│   └── sign-up.vue              # Clerk sign-up with skeleton
├── 📁 plugins/
│   ├── clerk-init.client.ts     # Clerk initialization
│   └── fonts.client.ts          # Font loading and management
├── 📁 prisma/
│   └── schema.prisma            # Database schema
├── 📁 public/                   # Static assets
├── 📁 server/
│   ├── api/                     # API routes
│   └── middleware/
│       └── clerk.ts             # Server-side Clerk middleware
├── 📁 types/
│   └── index.ts                 # TypeScript type definitions
├── 📁 utils/
│   └── constants.ts             # Application constants
├── 📄 .gitignore                # Git ignore rules
├── 📄 app.vue                   # Root application component
├── 📄 env.template              # Environment variables template
├── 📄 eslint.config.mjs         # ESLint configuration
├── 📄 nuxt.config.ts            # Nuxt configuration
├── 📄 package.json              # Dependencies and scripts
├── 📄 README.md                 # This file
└── 📄 tsconfig.json             # TypeScript configuration
```

## 🎨 UI Components & Loading States

The app uses a comprehensive design system with:

### Core Components

- **ThoughtCard**: Beautiful note cards with color coding and masonry layout
- **StatCard**: Dashboard statistics display with icons
- **QuickActionCard**: Action shortcuts with hover effects
- **AppSidebar**: Navigation with theme/language toggles and user profile
- **AppHeader**: Search, breadcrumbs, and action buttons

### Skeleton Loading Components

- **AuthFormSkeleton**: Realistic loading state for Clerk authentication forms
- **UserProfileSkeleton**: Loading state for user profile in sidebar
- **ThoughtCardSkeleton**: Masonry-compatible loading cards
- **StatCardSkeleton**: Statistics card placeholders
- **FormSkeleton**: Configurable form loading states
- **TableSkeleton**: List and table loading with avatar/badge support
- **PageSkeleton**: Full page loading with multiple layout modes

### Form Components

- **ThoughtForm**: Complete thought creation with validation
- **CategoryForm**: Category creation with icon picker and color selection

## 🌐 Internationalization & Fonts

### Language Support

- **English (en)**: Default language, LTR with DynaPuff font
- **Arabic (ar)**: Full RTL support with Playpen Sans font
- **Font Switching**: Automatic font changing based on locale using Nuxt Fonts
- **Easy Extension**: Add new languages by creating locale files

### Typography

- **English**: DynaPuff (cursive, creative)
- **Arabic**: Playpen Sans (modern, highly readable)
- **Automatic Loading**: Fonts loaded via Nuxt Fonts with optimization

## ⚡ Loading Experience

### Skeleton Implementation

- **Staggered Loading**: Dashboard loads stats → actions → thoughts with delays
- **Component-Specific**: Each component has matching skeleton
- **Realistic Timing**: 800ms-1500ms loading states for perceived performance
- **Error Handling**: Graceful fallbacks when loading fails

### Clerk Integration

- **Authentication Skeletons**: Loading states for sign-in/sign-up forms
- **User Profile Loading**: Skeleton in sidebar while user data loads
- **Smart Detection**: Automatic Clerk readiness detection
- **Timeout Protection**: Prevents infinite loading states

## 🔧 Development Scripts

```bash
# Development
npm run dev              # Start dev server
npm run build            # Build for production
npm run preview          # Preview production build

# Database
npm run db:generate      # Generate Prisma client
npm run db:push          # Push schema changes
npm run db:migrate       # Run migrations
npm run db:studio        # Open Prisma Studio

# Code Quality
npm run lint             # Run ESLint
npm run lint:fix         # Fix ESLint errors
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
2. Set environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on push

### Manual Deployment

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. Commit changes: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
4. Push to branch: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Nuxt.js](https://nuxt.com/) for the amazing framework
- [Nuxt UI](https://ui.nuxt.com/) for beautiful components
- [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) for authentication
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io/) for database management
- [Lucide](https://lucide.dev/) for beautiful icons
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) for typography

---

Built with ❤️ using the latest web technologies

Commit message:

refactor: update README and component structures, remove AppSidebar, and enhance AppHeader with user menu and theme toggles. Improve ThoughtCard and ThoughtForm for better UX and code clarity. Clean up unused files and optimize API routes for performance.

README.md, after:

# Thought Cache 💡

A modern, multilingual note-taking application built with the latest web technologies. Capture your brilliant ideas anytime, anywhere with support for Arabic and English languages, dark/light themes, and beautiful UI with comprehensive loading states.

## ✨ Features

- 🌍 **Multilingual Support**: Full Arabic and English localization with RTL support
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Beautiful, responsive design with Nuxt UI components
- 🌙 **Dark/Light Mode**: System-aware theme switching
- 🔐 **Authentication**: Secure auth with Clerk and loading skeletons
- 📱 **Responsive**: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile
- 🏷️ **Categories & Tags**: Organize your thoughts efficiently
- 🔍 **Search**: Find your ideas quickly with autocomplete
- ⭐ **Favorites**: Mark important thoughts
- 📦 **Archive**: Keep your workspace clean
- 🎨 **Color Coding**: Visual organization with custom colors
- ⚡ **Loading States**: Comprehensive USkeleton components for better UX
- 🎯 **Accessibility**: Proper autocomplete attributes and ARIA labels
- 🔤 **Custom Fonts**: Language-specific typography (Arabic: Playpen Sans, English: DynaPuff)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Nuxt.js 3](https://nuxt.com/) with TypeScript
- **UI Library**: [Nuxt UI](https://ui.nuxt.com/) with Tailwind CSS
- **Database**: [Prisma](https://prisma.io/) with PostgreSQL
- **Authentication**: [Clerk](https://clerk.com/)
- **Validation**: [Zod](https://zod.dev/)
- **Internationalization**: [@nuxtjs/i18n](https://i18n.nuxtjs.org/)
- **Code Quality**: ESLint + Husky + lint-staged
- **Icons**: [Nuxt Icon](https://github.com/nuxt-modules/icon) with Lucide icons
- **Fonts**: [Nuxt Fonts](https://github.com/nuxt/fonts) with Google Fonts
- **Deployment**: Ready for Supabase/Vercel

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn
- PostgreSQL database (or Supabase)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd thought-cache
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Setup**

   ```bash
   cp env.template .env
   ```

   Fill in your environment variables:

   ```env
   # Clerk Authentication
   NUXT_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_test_your_clerk_publishable_key_here
   NUXT_CLERK_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_your_clerk_secret_key_here

   # Supabase (optional)
   NUXT_SUPABASE_URL=https://your-project.supabase.co
   NUXT_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key_here

   # Database
   DATABASE_URL="postgresql://username:password@localhost:5432/thought_cache?schema=public"
   DIRECT_URL="postgresql://username:password@localhost:5432/thought_cache?schema=public"
   ```

4. **Database Setup**

   ```bash
   # Generate Prisma client
   npm run db:generate

   # Push schema to database
   npm run db:push

   # Or run migrations (for production)
   npm run db:migrate
   ```

5. **Start Development Server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
thought-cache/
├── 📁 .husky/                    # Git hooks configuration
├── 📁 .nuxt/                    # Auto-generated Nuxt files (gitignored)
├── 📁 .output/                  # Build output (gitignored)
├── 📁 assets/
│   └── css/
│       └── main.css             # Global styles with Nuxt UI theme
├── 📁 components/
│   ├── AppHeader.vue            # Global header with logo, search, and user menu
│   ├── AppHeaderSkeleton.vue    # Loading state for header
│   ├── AuthFormSkeleton.vue     # Loading state for Clerk auth forms
│   ├── CategoryForm.vue         # Form for creating/editing categories
│   ├── ClerkWrapper.vue         # Wrapper with loading states for Clerk
│   ├── FormSkeleton.vue         # Reusable form loading skeleton
│   ├── PageSkeleton.vue         # Full page loading skeleton
│   ├── QuickActionCardSkeleton.vue # Action card loading state
│   ├── StatCardSkeleton.vue     # Statistics card loading state
│   ├── TableSkeleton.vue        # Table/list loading skeleton
│   ├── ThoughtCard.vue          # Individual thought display card
│   ├── ThoughtCardSkeleton.vue  # Thought card loading state
│   ├── ThoughtForm.vue          # Form for creating/editing thoughts
│   └── UserProfileSkeleton.vue  # User profile loading state
├── 📁 composables/
│   ├── useLocaleFonts.ts        # Font switching based on locale
│   └── useClerkLoading.ts       # Clerk loading state management
├── 📁 generated/                # Auto-generated files
├── 📁 i18n/                     # Internationalization setup
├── 📁 layouts/
│   └── default.vue              # Main application layout
├── 📁 locales/
│   ├── ar.json                  # Arabic translations
│   └── en.json                  # English translations
├── 📁 middleware/
│   ├── auth.ts                  # Authentication middleware
│   └── guest.ts                 # Guest-only middleware
├── 📁 pages/
│   ├── categories/
│   │   ├── index.vue            # Categories list with skeletons
│   │   └── new.vue              # Create new category
│   ├── thoughts/
│   │   └── new.vue              # Create new thought
│   ├── index.vue                # Dashboard with thoughts, search, filters, and stats
│   ├── settings.vue             # User settings with multiple forms
│   ├── sign-in.vue              # Clerk sign-in with skeleton
│   └── sign-up.vue              # Clerk sign-up with skeleton
├── 📁 plugins/
│   ├── clerk-init.client.ts     # Clerk initialization
│   └── fonts.client.ts          # Font loading and management
├── 📁 prisma/
│   └── schema.prisma            # Database schema
├── 📁 public/                   # Static assets
├── 📁 server/
│   ├── api/                     # API routes
│   └── middleware/
│       └── clerk.ts             # Server-side Clerk middleware
├── 📁 types/
│   └── index.ts                 # TypeScript type definitions
├── 📁 utils/
│   └── constants.ts             # Application constants
├── 📄 .gitignore                # Git ignore rules
├── 📄 app.vue                   # Root application component
├── 📄 env.template              # Environment variables template
├── 📄 eslint.config.mjs         # ESLint configuration
├── 📄 nuxt.config.ts            # Nuxt configuration
├── 📄 package.json              # Dependencies and scripts
├── 📄 README.md                 # This file
└── 📄 tsconfig.json             # TypeScript configuration
```

## 🎨 UI Components & Loading States

The app uses a comprehensive design system with:

### Core Components

- **ThoughtCard**: Beautiful note cards with color coding and masonry layout
- **StatCard**: Dashboard statistics display with icons
- **QuickActionCard**: Action shortcuts with hover effects
- **AppHeader**: Logo, search, user menu with preferences and actions

### Skeleton Loading Components

- **AuthFormSkeleton**: Realistic loading state for Clerk authentication forms
- **UserProfileSkeleton**: Loading state for user profile
- **ThoughtCardSkeleton**: Masonry-compatible loading cards
- **StatCardSkeleton**: Statistics card placeholders
- **FormSkeleton**: Configurable form loading states
- **TableSkeleton**: List and table loading with avatar/badge support
- **PageSkeleton**: Full page loading with multiple layout modes

### Form Components

- **ThoughtForm**: Complete thought creation with validation
- **CategoryForm**: Category creation with icon picker and color selection

## 🌐 Internationalization & Fonts

### Language Support

- **English (en)**: Default language, LTR with DynaPuff font
- **Arabic (ar)**: Full RTL support with Playpen Sans font
- **Font Switching**: Automatic font changing based on locale using Nuxt Fonts
- **Easy Extension**: Add new languages by creating locale files

### Typography

- **English**: DynaPuff (cursive, creative)
- **Arabic**: Playpen Sans (modern, highly readable)
- **Automatic Loading**: Fonts loaded via Nuxt Fonts with optimization

## ⚡ Loading Experience

### Skeleton Implementation

- **Staggered Loading**: Dashboard loads stats → actions → thoughts with delays
- **Component-Specific**: Each component has matching skeleton
- **Realistic Timing**: 800ms-1500ms loading states for perceived performance
- **Error Handling**: Graceful fallbacks when loading fails

### Clerk Integration

- **Authentication Skeletons**: Loading states for sign-in/sign-up forms
- **User Profile Loading**: Skeleton for user data in header dropdown
- **Smart Detection**: Automatic Clerk readiness detection
- **Timeout Protection**: Prevents infinite loading states

## 🔧 Development Scripts

```bash
# Development
npm run dev              # Start dev server
npm run build            # Build for production
npm run preview          # Preview production build

# Database
npm run db:generate      # Generate Prisma client
npm run db:push          # Push schema changes
npm run db:migrate       # Run migrations
npm run db:studio        # Open Prisma Studio

# Code Quality
npm run lint             # Run ESLint
npm run lint:fix         # Fix ESLint errors
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
2. Set environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on push

### Manual Deployment

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. Commit changes: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
4. Push to branch: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Nuxt.js](https://nuxt.com/) for the amazing framework
- [Nuxt UI](https://ui.nuxt.com/) for beautiful components
- [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) for authentication
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io/) for database management
- [Lucide](https://lucide.dev/) for beautiful icons
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) for typography

---

Built with ❤️ using the latest web technologies
